Life in the city is full of activity. Early in the morning, people leave their houses in the manner ants do when their nest is broken. 
Then the streets are full of traffic. 
Shops and offices open, students are eager to go to their school and the day’s work begins. 
Many sightseers and tourists also visit many tourist attractions in the city, and businessmen from many parts of the world also come to conduct business transactions. 
In the evening, the offices and day schools begin to close, many of the shops are too close. 
There is often a traffic jam at this time because everyone wants to get home quickly. 
The city is described as a place of constant activity.

Some people like to live downtown because of its facilities, but I prefer to live in the countryside for many reasons. 
First of all, life in the city is quite packed with hustle and bustle. 
It is really tiring and upsetting to wait for hours because of traffic jams. 
Second, pollution from dust and noise can cause human health to decline. 
Thirdly, I do not feel safe to live in the city because the criminal situations are rising. 
I love the silence, I love fresh air, so I love to live in the countryside.

In many families, a generation gap is a common occurrence. 
This gap is the difference in views, attitudes and beliefs between generations in the family.
An important reason for this gap is social development. 
Younger generations are exposed to technology and global lifestyles differently than their parents before them. 
These changes lead to different perspectives on life.
The generation gap can lead to misunderstandings and conflicts within the family, as both parties perceive their own views as valid. 
To overcome the generation gap, open communication, empathy and respect are needed. 
Parents need to listen to their children’s opinions and children also need to acknowledge their parents’ life experiences.Understanding will help narrow the gap.

I like listening to music in my free time. 
I listen to music whenever I can: on the bus, when doing housework, when I’m taking a shower,… 
My favorite music genres are Pop and Dance music. 
I listen to Pop music when I feel happy and Dance music when I want to dance my body. 
When I go out, I often shuffle my playlist and get excited about what song will be playing. 
I often download music collections of singers I like to my phone.  
Music helps me relax and cheer me up after a tiring day. 
This has always been my favorite activity ever.

The rapid development of society causes energy demand to increase. These fuels will likely run out at the rate humans are using them. Many methods have been proposed to save fuel. One is to reduce human needs in energy use by limiting non-essential needs. Utilities that consume a lot of energy should only be used when absolutely necessary. People should also replace outdated equipment with modern equipment to save fuel. Using public transportation is also a good idea. In industry, it is necessary to maintain machinery and use reasonable machinery systems. Energy saving requires support from everyone, every home.

A year ago, my mother bought me a new phone for my birthday. It was a pink phone with an elegant design that made me extremely happy. This is the phone I always wanted. I mainly use my phone to contact friends, relatives and play games. This smartphone has a sharp screen and sensitive touch so I can operate the game very smoothly. I really love this phone not only because of its features but also because it is my mother’s love for me. I always try to use and preserve it carefully.

Human actions are gradually leading to serious environmental damage. Water pollution, air pollution, and natural disasters occur frequently and are increasingly serious, causing a lot of damage in many countries. If we continue to be indifferent, this situation will become more serious and affect life on this planet. Environmental protection requires the cooperation of everyone. You can start with small things like throwing trash in the right place and planting trees. It is also important to increase awareness of those around you. Each of us must contribute to protecting the environment for future generations.

Every individual has their own dreams and I also have plans for what I will do in the future.First, I want to continue studying. I believe that learning is essential for career growth and success. Second, I plan to start a coffee shop business. I am passionate about coffee research and also hope this passion will help me make money.Third, I find that maintaining a balance between work and life is essential. I prioritize my mental and physical health by exercising regularly and practicing mindfulness every day. In short, my plans for the future include continuously learning, building my career, and maintaining a work-life balance.

There are many effective ways to improve English learning skills. Firstly, you should find yourself in an English speaking environment, it will help you increase your reflexes. Watching movies, listening to English music, participating in conversations with native speakers or English clubs,… are ways to help you have a good environment to practice. Second, reading English regularly will help increase vocabulary and improve grammar. Reading books, newspapers, comics,… will help learners come into contact with many different writing styles. Another equally effective method is to practice speaking and writing English every day. By combining many of the above methods, learners can improve their English skills.

Each person’s daily routine is often different based on personality, age and lifestyle. I usually wake up at 6 am every day and the first thing I do is brush my teeth and wash my face. After that, I will make coffee and prepare breakfast for school. Meanwhile, my sister usually wakes up at 7 am and likes to drink milk instead of coffee like me.I usually study 8 hours at school and then spend 2 hours at the gym. This helps me stay in shape and stay healthier. My sister likes to jog after work and then go to the beauty spa.However, in the evening, we often spend time with our family. We had dinner together and talked about the past day. Sometimes the whole family will watch movies or listen to music together. Even though our habits are different, we all aim for a healthy and happy life.

Traffic in Vietnam is quite complicated and needs solutions. First of all, because there are so many vehicles on the road, hourly traffic jams often occur, especially in big cities. Second, people’s traffic awareness is still very poor. Many people often go fast, run red lights, carry bulky goods and ride motorbikes on the sidewalk. In short, traffic in Vietnam is always a difficult problem.

My mother is always the person I love and admire the most. She spent a lot of time and loved raising me. Even though she has to work hard every day, she always takes time to teach us about the right things in life. Furthermore, she is also a shining example of kindness for me to follow. I admire and respect my mother not only because she raised me thoughtfully but also because she always helped me and everyone around me. She has always been a great influence on me and I hope I will give her a good life in the future.

My favorite subject at school is English. The first reason I like this subject is because I really like English songs. I want to be able to confidently sing these songs. Second, I also want to be able to communicate with foreigners and find a good job in the future. Plus, learning English well can help me read books and watch movies in English. I also hope to be able to travel to many places around the world. In short, I feel English is a really interesting and useful subject.

Tet is one of the most important festivals of Vietnam. This is the day a new year begins. Tet usually lasts about 7 days and has many interesting things. People often take time off and spend time visiting relatives and friends on these days. Others will travel or visit relatives’ graves. Before Tet comes, everyone decorates their houses beautifully. Special foods during Tet are usually banh chung and chicken. Tet is a time that everyone looks forward to.

The Internet has many benefits and also some disadvantages. First, the internet provides a large amount of information to people, you just need to surf the web to get information. Second, you can relax by listening to music and playing games in your free time. Furthermore, the Internet helps us stay in touch with friends and family. Besides the advantages, the internet also has some disadvantages. Nowadays, there are some people addicted to surfing on the internet which affects their lives. Additionally, we can waste a lot of time sitting in front of the computer instead of studying or working. In short, the Internet will be very useful if we know how to use it effectively.

Facebook social network has both good and bad sides, depending on how each person uses it. This social network is easy to use and brings many benefits to users. One of the undeniable utilities of Facebook is information sharing. It also facilitates user learning and communication. In particular, this social network also gives young people many opportunities to find friends and find job opportunities. However, Facebook also has some negative effects if users use it for unhealthy purposes. It can also be addictive for those who do not know how to control themselves. Therefore, it is necessary to use Facebook wisely to take advantage of its benefits.

Of all entertainment activities, I like reading books the most because it brings me many good benefits. First of all, reading books helps expand my knowledge and also makes my life more colorful. Books provide me with a lot of information in many areas of life. Besides, novels and stories stimulate my emotions with romantic words. Furthermore, reading books regularly is a good habit for the brain. In particular, my language ability is better when I read a lot of books. Reading is a healthy hobby and helps me build a happier lifestyle.

Marketing is the career I want to choose after graduating from college. First of all, this position is well paid. Of course, you need an effective strategy to attract customers to achieve that salary. Second, marketing gives me many opportunities to improve my persuasion skills and many opportunities to travel to many places. There is no denying that this is a job that requires a lot of skills, so I need to improve more. Above all, you will do your best when you enjoy something.

Libraries are endless oceans of information. Libraries’ ability to spread knowledge has been proven over the years. Few people can buy all the books they want, so the library is their favorite place because they can read many books on the topic they want. Furthermore, many valuable books are currently only available in libraries. You can find an original manuscript of a work several hundred years old in the library. In short, libraries have contributed a lot to expanding and spreading knowledge to people.

One of the most outstanding features of this century is the advancement of science and its influence on all aspects of life. Scientists today are still conducting research into large areas of knowledge and mysterious problems. The advancement of science and technology has brought countries around the world closer together. We can go to distant lands in a short time, and can communicate with people far away quickly and clearly. The printing press is an invention that helps us read books about people in other countries. Science has helped humans progress faster on the evolutionary journey.

There are many reasons why people should study abroad. First, foreign degrees are often highly valued by employers, so students will have many opportunities to find a high-paying job and advance in their career. Second, living in another country can help you learn a foreign language quickly by communicating with native speakers. Ultimately, students who are sent abroad to study will become more mature and independent. Experiencing new things will benefit their later life. In short, studying abroad is a good opportunity to help young learners better prepare for the future.

There are many reasons why friendship plays an important role in everyone’s life. The most important reason may be that people need friends to share their sadness or happiness. I like chatting with my friends about daily happenings and personal problems. Furthermore, friends will help us overcome troubles in life. They will give advice and support when we encounter difficulties. Ultimately, friendship brings us joy and a meaningful life. In short, in my opinion, without friends, life will become dull and boring.

Online shopping is gradually playing an essential role in daily life. Online shopping is suitable for people with busy lives and no time to go out shopping. Almost everything is available online, from clothes, food, household appliances, motorbikes, etc. Each person’s online shopping habits are also very different. Many people shop every day, others shop regularly every week. Some popular online shopping sites today are Shopee, Tiki, Lazada, etc. People can save a lot of time and money thanks to online shopping. I believe that online shopping will continue to grow in the future.

I would like to introduce to you a place worth exploring in my country – Ha Long Bay. Ha Long Bay is famous for its natural beauty thanks to the sight of thousands of limestone mountains and islets jutting out of the emerald water. You can start your tour by penetrating the bay’s labyrinthine waters, past stunning limestone formations, and exploring caves. The bay is also a great place to kayak close to picturesque small islands. Sunrise or sunset on the bay is also a beautiful and peaceful scene you should experience. As a Vietnamese, I am extremely proud of this natural wonder.

